Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#897)
DataDog/helm-charts: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Make sure you updated documentation (after bumping `Chart.yaml`) by running `.github/helm-docs.sh`

Our team will then happily review and merge contributions!

> ## How to update README.md files content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to update a README file
```

> In each chart, the `README.md` file is generated from the corresponding `README.md.gotmpl` and `values.yaml` files.
> When the command `.github/helm-docs.sh`, the content of the README.md is updated.
> 
> So if the contribution requires an update in the README.md, the modification should be done either in the `README.md.gotmpl` or `values.yaml` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In each chart, the `README.md` file is generated from the corresponding `README.md.gotmpl` and `values.yaml` files. Instead of modifying the `README.md` file directly:
1. Update either the `README.md.gotmpl` or `values.yaml` file.
1. Run `.github/helm-docs.sh` to update the README.
```
